Initial commit to setup terra docker repo. (#1)
cerner/terra-docker: terra-node-ci/README.md

# terra-node-ci

This dockerfile provides a docker image for terra projects to extend to use in CI it will copy code as well as run npm install by default.

## API (of a sort)

* Extends terra-node-base
* On build: Copies . to /opt/module

> * On build: Runs Npm Install

Reviewer: I'm all about documentation, but seems like it might be easier to maintaining by linking to the Dockerfile?? 🤷‍♀️

Author: eh, i left it, this doesn't change often

## Usage

> 
> This docker container is expected to be extended by a project specific docker container, see example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This docker image is intended for CI and as such is fairly traditional. This docker image is expected to be defined as the base image for a project specific Dockerfile; see example below.
```

```dockerfile
# use node as base image
FROM cerner/terra-node-ci:1

```

> This docker container is intended for CI and as such is fairly traditional. Based on a node docker container, it copies the contents of the project and runs npm install to setup the project for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, when the above Dockerfile is used to build the project-specific docker container, the resulting docker container is based on a node docker container, it copies the contents of the project and runs npm install to setup the project for testing.
```

To run tests against this container simply run the npm task you expect to run, for example using docker compose:

```yml
version: '3'

services:
  test-ci:
    build: ./
    command: 'npm run wdio-default'
```

```bash
docker-compose run -e FORM_FACTOR=tiny test-ci

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think we'll be the only ones using these images. Would it be worth documenting the versioning strategy they'll follow or will it follow a conventional docker tagging or semantic versioning strategy? It might not be worth the effort, there just seems to be a few too many versioning strategies in the docker ecosystem. 

Selenium-Docker is currently tagging their images using the numbers of pi.

https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/docker-selenium

Author: We will use semver. number of pi is just crazy....
https://medium.com/@mccode/using-semantic-versioning-for-docker-image-tags-dfde8be06699
